{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\froman\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f6\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset1 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 AR PL UMing HK;}{\f8\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f9\fnil\fprq0\fcharset1 Lohit Devanagari;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\kerning1\dbch\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs28\alang1081\loch\f6\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\ql\nowidctlpar\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\i\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\ai\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar\noline\ltrpar\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern4000}}\deftab720
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Grant-Valkaria is a town located south of Melbourne in Brevard County, Florida.  Grant was originally established in 1925 as a fishing village, and since 1966, the city has held the annual Grant Seafood Festival.  The revenues collected through the seafood festival go back into the community through}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
college scholarships and summer break activities for the local children.  Originally two separate communities, Grant and Valkaria were joined in July of 2006 to create the single Incorporated Town of Grant-Valkaria.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Indialantic is a town in Brevard County Florida, named for its location between the Indian River Lagoon and the Atlantic ocean.  The town is on a barrier island stretching from Cape Canaveral to the Sebastian Inlet, connected to the Melbourne by the Melbourne Causeway.  The two cities were originally connected by a wooden bridge, built by Ernest Kouven-Hoven in 1921.  The bridge was replaced by a drawbridge in 1947 and by the modern causeway in 1985.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Malabar is a small town located south of Palm Bay in Brevard County, Florida.  Established in 1883 and incorporated in 1962, Malabar is known for its old-Florida atmosphere and semi-rural environment.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Melbourne Beach is a town in Brevard County, Florida, and is Brevard\u8217\'19s oldest beach community.  Juan Ponce de Le\u243\'f3n, the first European to land in Florida, is said to have landed near Melbourne Beach in 1513.  The town is located on the same barrier island as Indialantic which borders it to the north.  Among the town\u8217\'19s points of interest is the the Melbourne Beach Pier, a historic pier expending onto the Indian River.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Sebastian is a city located in both Brevard and Indian River County, Florida.  It was settled in the 1870s and was incorporated as a city in 1925.  In 1715, several Spanish ships with an estimated over $500 million USD worth of treasure on board were lost at sea off the Treasure Coast is Sebastian.  Only a portion of the treasure has been found.  The city has three elementary schools, two middle schools and one high school.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Merritt Island is a census-designated place located on the East Coast of Brevard County, Florida. Although technically a peninsula, Merritt Island is considered a barrier island and is located between the Indian River and the Banana River.  The area was visited by Spanish explorers in the early 17th century and the town\u8217\'19s roots lie in the mid-19th century agriculture of the area.  The majority of the land that makes up the town was covered in citrus groves and cattle ranches until the population began to grow rapidly in the 1950s and 60s with the expansion of NASA.  }
\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\sb0\sa0\rtlch \ltrch\loch

\par \pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar\ltrpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\kerning1\dbch\af8\langfe2052\dbch\af9\afs24\alang1081\cf0\loch\f5\fs24\lang1033\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sb0\sa0{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\loch\f4
Merritt Island is located within two zip codes.  North of SR520 is 32953 and south of the road is 32952.  There are also two separate peninsulas that make the island.  The main peninsula is located between the Indian River and Sykes Creek.  The southern part of this peninsula is known for high end riverfront properties.  Honeymoon Hill is regarded as the most expensive neighborhood on south tropical trail.  Courtenay Parkway runs north/south through the center of this part of the island and is primarily business north of SR520 and south of SR528.  The northern part of the island is rural and less developed, especially north of the barge canal; where quite a few of the cattle ranches that established the area still exist.  The islands other peninsula is known as Newfound Harbor.  Newfound Harbor is a strange mix of high-end houses and low-end houses; it is not unusual to see million dollar homes neighbored by trailer parks.  Newfound Harbor is bordered by Sykes Creek to the west and the Banana River to the east. }
\par }